+++
title =  "recipe: Salmon"

#[taxonomies]
#tags = ["recipe"]
+++

# Salmon

An **oven-cooked salmon in cheese and spinach sauce** recipe that I learned from
my grandmother which she (almost) always makes whenever I come visit.


## ingredients

2-4 persons (depends on how much you eat, I eat for 3 people)

* 500g   Salmon fillets or a hole piece, doesn't matter.
* 300g   Hole leaf spinach, frozen or fresh. If it's frozen, remove the excess
  water when its' drying.
* 25g    Butter.
* 1-2dl  milk, depending on how thick you want the sauce.
* 1/2tsp sugar.
* 80g    Melted cream cheese depending on how thick you want the sauce if it
  contains sugar, skip the sugar ingredient.
* ~ salt and pepper of course


## Directions

_if the spinach hasn't dried up, you should do that beforehand, and dry it_

0. Rinse the salmon fillet(s). If you have 1 piece, cut it to strips of fillets.
1. Put either baking paper in the baking dish or rub the insides of it with oil.
2. Chop some of the spinach into smaller pieces (not grinded, just a little bit
   smaller).
3. Use plenty of salt and pepper on the salmon (optionally add some lemon juice
   before adding salt & pepper)
3. Add the butter to a pot and heat it.
3. Add the spinach to said pot.
5. Heat the cream cheese (not too much, otherwise it gets runny!)
6. Add the melted cream cheese, milk, sugar, and salt & pepper to the pot.
7. Once it has been mixed well together and further heated, add it to the baking
   dish ontop of the salmon.
9. Give that badboy a tour in the oven for 30-45min. at 200° celcius.
